add_customer_type_table (#204)
fivetran/dbt_quickbooks: CHANGELOG.md

# dbt_quickbooks v1.6.0
[PR #204](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_quickbooks/pull/204) includes the following updates:

## Schema/Data Change
**4 total changes • 1 possible breaking change**

| Data Model(s) | Change type | Old | New | Notes |
| ------------- | ----------- | --- | --- | ----- |
| `stg_quickbooks__customer_type` | New model |  |  | BREAKING CHANGE: New staging model for the QuickBooks `customer_type` source table. Enabled by default (`using_customer_type: true`). Set `using_customer_type: false` in your `dbt_project.yml` if your connector does not sync this table. |
| `stg_quickbooks__customer` | New field |  | `customer_type_id` |  |
| `quickbooks__ap_ar_enhanced` | New field |  | `customer_type_name` | Adds `customer_type_name`to AR (invoice) records. `null` for AP (bill) records. Only populated when `using_customer_type: true`. |

> | `quickbooks__expenses_sales_enhanced` | New field | — | `customer_type_name` | Adds `customer_type_name` to expense and sales records. Only populated when `using_customer_type: true`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `quickbooks__expenses_sales_enhanced` | New field |  | `customer_type_name` | Adds `customer_type_name` to expense and sales records. Only populated when `using_customer_type: true`. |
```

# dbt_quickbooks v1.6.0
[PR #204](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_quickbooks/pull/204) includes the following updates:

> ## Schema/Data Change

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Schema/Data Changes
```

**4 total changes • 1 possible breaking change**

| Data Model(s) | Change type | Old | New | Notes |
| ------------- | ----------- | --- | --- | ----- |

> | `stg_quickbooks__customer_type` | New model |  |  | BREAKING CHANGE: New staging model for the QuickBooks `customer_type` source table. Enabled by default.|

Reviewer 2: This actually isn't enabled by default in Quickstart as it is dependent on whether the table is synced.
```suggestion
| `stg_quickbooks__customer_type` | New model |  |  | BREAKING CHANGE: New staging model when the `customer_type` table is synced.|
```

> | `stg_quickbooks__customer` | New field |  | `customer_type_id` |  |

Reviewer 2: This new field needs to be documented in the `src_quickbooks.yml` and `stg_quickbooks.yml`.

> | `quickbooks__ap_ar_enhanced` | New field |  | `customer_type_name` | Only populated if the `customer_type` table is synced. |

Reviewer 2: This new field needs to be documented in the `quickbooks.yml`.

> | `quickbooks__ap_ar_enhanced` | New field |  | `customer_type_name` | Adds `customer_type_name`to AR (invoice) records. `null` for AP (bill) records. Only populated if the `customer_type` table is synced in your connector. |

Reviewer 2: Simplifying notes since customers will be more interested in how to access data, description of field can live in yml.
```suggestion
| `quickbooks__ap_ar_enhanced` | New field |  | `customer_type_name` | Only populated if the `customer_type` table is synced. |
```

> | `quickbooks__expenses_sales_enhanced` | New field |  | `customer_type_name` | Only populated if the `customer_type` table is synced in your connector. |

Reviewer 2: This new field needs to be documented in the `quickbooks.yml`.

> | `quickbooks__expenses_sales_enhanced` | New field |  | `customer_type_name` | Adds `customer_type_name` to expense and sales records. Only populated if the `customer_type` table is synced in your connector. |

Reviewer 2: Simplifying notes since customers will be more interested in how to access data, description of field can live in yml.
```suggestion
| `quickbooks__expenses_sales_enhanced` | New field |  | `customer_type_name` | Only populated if the `customer_type` table is synced in your connector. |
```

## Feature Update

> - Introduces the `using_customer_type` variable (default: `true`) to enable or disable the `customer_type` source table and all associated downstream enrichment. Set to `false` if your QuickBooks connector does not sync the `customer_type` table.

Reviewer 2: We should reword this, as this line is only applicable to dbt transformation users. 

```suggestion
- **For dbt Core users**: Introduces `using_customer_type` variable to sync data from the `customer_type` source table. [See the README on how to configure this variable](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_quickbooks#enablingdisabling-models).
```
